hey family it's Jason Wrobel here again
from jasonwrobel.com that's Jason WRO B
as in baby L calm the Elvis for lucious
oh yeah like our vegan high-protein
chocolate puddin that's gonna get you in
a good mood this recipe super simple to
prep velvety luscious delicious
mouthfeel and it's gonna knock your
socks clean off let's get started
the first ingredient is half of a large
avocado so go ahead and take your knife
and cut it in half and all you have to
do to pit it is take the back half of
the knife twist and you're done now
we're using the twister jar on our
Blendtec high speed blender because it
really gets that really super creamy
pudding consistency we want now I have
to do is squeeze the avocado right into
the blender mug with a kosoul the next
ingredient we're adding is a quarter cup
of Grade B organic maple syrup then we
have 2/3 cup of pitted halawi dates now
if you can find a smaller day smaller
than a module that is like a halawi I
find that they're softer and much easier
to work with when you're making
something creamy like a pudding or a
mousse next up we're going to be doing a
quarter cup of almond butter now for
those of you with almond sensitivities
you could of course substitute a cashew
butter a hazelnut butter whatever butter
makes your eyes flutter in this case I'm
just going old-school low and going with
a quarter cup that's about the right
size of almond but look at that
that's a heaping helping y'all
now traditionally this recipe would call
for a cacao powder chocolate powder or
even a carob powder if you want to go
all 1975 on this recipe in this case I'm
taking it to 2013 with warrior blend
chocolate flavor protein from Sun
warrior this is like chocolate frosting
in a bag y'all that's what I'm talking
about so we're gonna do yeah let's do
let's do a heaping third cup right
something like that just a big old heap
and amount so we've got the tons of
protein in there we've got tons of
vitamins minerals all plant-based now
it's time to get dirty Bertie
let's blend this guy for about 20
seconds and see what happens I think
it's gonna be good
this is the reason you have to own a
high speed blender you can't do that in
a regular $10 blender to get a target
sorry you gotta have oh the good stuff
because that's what you get you get a
really ultra thick ultra decadent mousse
here I mean this is like this is serious
time taking it to the face y'all hmm Wow
okay that is ultra creamy ultra dense
this is gonna be a meal in itself you
guys oh my goodness now how I like to
plate this is get a goblet of some kind
yes this is a goblet we're using on the
gyro show and spoon this creamy creamy
mixture in there and now it's gonna be
thick guys so don't be afraid to put a
little elbow grease in there oh that is
for serious there's really no way to get
around the fact that you're gonna have
to really get some muscle in there which
is good because it's high in protein
and you're gonna have the peak like that
now to finish this recipe what I love to
do is kind of go old-school traditional
on the moose tip get some fresh
raspberries and you know I like to make
it pretty so go in a circular pattern
right around the clock like this and
then garnish it with a little bit of
fresh mint see the chef and me you got
to get the edges right if there's a
smeared edge you just you you can't
present it like that it must be it must
be fixed there we go
yeah that's what I'm talking about so as
you can see you have one really large
serving or two small servings in that
batch of our high-protein chocolate
mousse and this is just a spectacular
recipe if you're coming back from the
gym you need that protein boost you need
something easy to make that only takes a
couple minutes in the blender this is
the recipe for you
so y'all thanks so much for joining me
this is Jason Wrobel once again from
jasonwrobel.com that's Jason WRL B as in
baby
e Elcom rockin a high-protein chocolate
mousse thank you so much to Sunwarrior
for supplying us with the awesome
warrior blend chocolate protein that we
used in our mousse here today hope you
guys enjoyed this recipe and leave me a
comment below if there are other really
great vegan high-protein recipes that
you love to make I'd love to know about
it thanks guys so much for tuning in
sending you big fat beautiful peaches
and see you soon
you